The following programme
contains strong language
and strong violent scenes
from the outset.
Ex-cop.
(SPEAKS KOREAN)
(GROANS)
ELLIOT: Jesus Christ.
SHANNON:
It's happening all over London.
HENRY: So far.
we have over 300 fatalities.
but that figure's bound to rise.
This is the man we believe brought
this cocaine into the country.
The police will make our lives hell
for what happened.
That cocaine
was deliberately spiked.
By who?
That's what I intend to find out.
I'm gonna make them pay.
(TENSE MUSIC)
You boys is trespassing.
(GRUNTS)
Phone. There's only one number.
Call it.
Sean?
Last night's spiking
was Sean's doing.
And someone on the outside
helped him.
We're still going ahead with this?
Oh. yeah.
Recognise him?
Tell me his name.
That was your wife?
It wasn't a hit and run.
Tell me or I'll fucking kill you!
(SHOUTS) Sean!
(SIREN WAILS)
(SIREN CONTINUES WAILING)
(TENSE. OMINOUS MUSIC)
(OMINOUS MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
(MUFFLED THUDDING)
(BULLETS CLANGING)
(GRUNTS)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(BLOOD SPLATTERS)
(GROANS)
(BULLETS CLANGING)
(PANTING)
(DOOR RATTLING)
MAN: Come on. my boy.
Sean. it's alright. it's us.
Come on. son. we've got to go.
(DISTANT CLAMOURING)
Jesus.
This way.
C'mon.
(OMINOUS MUSIC SWELLS)
MAN: (ON RADIO) All units. Calling
all units we have a Code Two.
I repeat. a Code Two.
Officers down.
Seven dead. one injured.
You. stay here.
Let's go!
You set everything up. like I said?
All done. Money. guns.
We're going to the helicopter now.
London won't know
what fucking hit it.
(CHUCKLES LIGHTLY)
What the fuck?!
(RAPID GUNFIRE)
(MAN SHOUTS IN ALBANIAN)
What's going on?
Fucking Albanians. Stay down!
There's a grey BMW round the block.
Keys under the front wheel.
You get it started.
we'll follow you. Go on.
Go!
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
(IN ENGLISH) Go!
(SIRENS WAILING)
(PEDESTRIANS SCREAMING)
(SHOUTS IN ALBANIAN)
(SHOUTING IN ALBANIAN)
(PANTING)
Woah!
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
(TENSE. SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(IN ENGLISH) Fuck off.
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
Sean!
I'm only interested
in the man that killed
Naomi and Samuel.
and who ordered it.
If you give me his name.
I'll help you get away.
(WATER PATTERS)
(TENSE. SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(GUNSHOT)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
(PANTING)
Listen!
I meant what I said.
You tell me what I need to know.
I'll help you get out of the city.
I'll tell you...
...if you help me first.
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
(GUNSHOTS)
(GROANING)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
ELLIOT: Sean! Sean!
(GRUNTING)
You tell Luan.
I said no one touches Sean Wallace.
(GROANS)
(YELLS)
BILLY: Where's Sean?
(SIREN WAILS)
He's not here.
We can't leave without him.
We've got to go.
We got to go fucking now!
He'll meet us at the helicopter.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(YELLS)
(DRAMATIC BEAT)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC SWELLS)
(HELICOPTER WHIRRS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(MUFFLED POLICE RADIO CHATTER)
PARAMEDIC 1:
We have a man severely injured.
He's one of the gang members.
PARAMEDIC 2:
Multiple gunshot wounds
on trauma one. Heading to
Homerton Hospital. Over.
Don't worry. You're gonna be OK.
What are you doing?
We've got to get-
Switch on your siren
and start driving.
(GUN CLICKS)
Now.
OK.
(SIRENS WAILS)
Just take it.
Hey.
Oh. shit.
Hey. Hey.
You wanna earn some money. mate?
I don't know you. bruv.
Ten grand.
I'll give you ten grand.
(SCOFFS) Ay. rah! Fuck off. big man.
before I call the mandem.
Hey. listen.
Do you know who Sean Wallace is?
That's me.
I'm Sean Wallace.
Check your phone.
I'm all over the internet.
If you help me now.
I'll give you £10.000.
Help you how?
I need some money
to get across London. 200.
I need it now.
If I help you...
I want 20G.
20 grand.
Right. follow me.
Ay. open up.
(LOCK CLICKS)
You'll wait here.
(DOOR OPENS)
(GUN CLICKS)
Smoke him. Giddy.
Do it.
Just be calm.
Don't you fucking move.
If you kill me now...
you'll lose 20 grand.
We're not losing nothing. bitch.
There's two mill on your head.
What do you mean?
The Albanians.
You know.
'cause you poisoned all that gear.
Nah. I didn't poison anything.
I had nothing to do with that.
Four million.
I'll give you four million.
Listen to this wasteman.
begging for coin. and then
acting like he's a millionaire.
You know who my family are.
don't you?
I'm a fucking Wallace.
You know that. right?
All I know
is that you're my payday.
Right now. smoke him. Giddy.
or give me the skeng
and I'll do it.
No. I'm doing it.
I can fucking do it.
Hey. Hey.
MAN: Fucking pussyo!
(CLAMOURING)
Oi. yo! Give me
that fucking bag. man!
Oh. shit!
(GIDEON GRUNTS)
(INDISTINCT YELLING)
(TENSE. DRAMATIC MUSIC)
Oi. catch that motherfucker!
(GRUNTS)
He's there! He's there!
- Shoot him!
- Yo!
(GUNSHOTS)
Fuck!
Let's go.
Open it.
It's OK. mate.
What's going on?
(MONITOR BEEPING)
Why have we stopped?
What's...
Oh.
You two. up there.
Sit down.
keep your mouths shut.
don't fucking move.
He needs that oxygen.
What the fuck did I just say?!
Can you hear me?
I know you helped break him out.
Where are they taking Sean?
(WEAKLY) I don't know.
Listen...
I'm only gonna ask you
one more time.
But I don't know. I don't.
(HIGH-PITCHED BEEP)
You can't just turn that thing on.
Don't worry. I know what I'm doing.
I told you...
(WHIMPERS)
...I don't know anything.
I swear.
(GROANS)
You'll kill him.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
You'll kill him like this!
Fuck. Please.
(GROANS)
(GASPING)
(SHUSHES)
(DEFIBRILLATOR POWERS UP)
Where...
is he going?
No! OK. OK. OK. OK.
OK. OK. Please. Please.
(SPEAKING KURDISH)
("LI HERI JORE" PLAYS SOFTLY)
Close the door.
Someone's trying to frame me
for this cocaine spiking.
I had nothing to do with it.
I don't care.
Look. I really regret
what I did to you.
And I'm gonna make things right.
Just tell me what you want.
A car and some cash.
I don't have much time.
My car's out front. you can take it.
And there is money in the safe.
I know what I did was wrong.
I know.
You have no fucking idea.
(KEYPAD BEEPING)
I have to get away from here.
but I'll be back.
I'll make things right with you.
I promise.
(SEAN GRUNTS)
(SOLEMN. SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(DOOR OPENS)
(SPEAKING KURDISH)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC RISES)
BILLY: Liam. I know she's here.
She's not here. Billy.
Of course she's fucking here.
You're here.
these fucking goons are here.
where the fuck else
is she gonna be?
I just need five minutes with her.
Sorry.
You've heard the Albanians have put
a bounty out on Sean's head. right?
He's being stitched up for
a spiking that he didn't fucking do.
Now he's out there. on his own.
with no money and no phone.
Just give me a few of your guys
to help me go find him.
because we need to catchup with him
before someone else does.
You'll need to talk
to your mother about that.
That's what he's trying
to fucking do!
I'll tell her you called. Billy.
(HUSHED) Fuck's sake.
Anything fucking happens to Sean.
and you're to blame!
Told you we shouldn't have fucking
come here. she'd never fucking help.
You fucking bitch!
Calm the fuck down. Billy. Come on.
(CAR DOORS OPEN. CLOSE)
(GENTLE MUSIC)
Hundreds have died.
Luan has lost a child...
...all because of Sean.
Whatever happens now...
...is all on him.
(SIGHS SOFTLY)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(SIREN WAILS DISTANTLY)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(FRUIT MACHINE BEEPING)
(FRUIT MACHINE CLICKS)
(GASPING)
(WHIRRING)
(WHIRRING STOPS)
(PHONE BUZZES)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(PHONE THUDS SOFTLY)
(DRAMATIC MUSIC)
They were taking Sean to Greenwich.
so that's where he'll be headed.
Whereabouts in Greenwich?
He didn't know.
I'll tell Faz and the others
to meet us there now.
Did you hear though?
Luan's put a bounty
of two million on Sean's head.
Are you fucking kidding me?!
(PHONE BEEPS)
(LINE TRILLS)
MAN: (ON PHONE) Elliot.
Luan?
What part of "I need Sean alive"
do you not understand?!
I don't care what do you want.
or anyone else.
He killed my child.
so they're going to pay for it.
(LINE BEEPS)
Luan? Luan?!
You got Sean?
I did. but he got away.
(SIGHS)
I shot him. so he won't be far.
I won't forget this. Lale.
Luan.
Just let me know when he's dead.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(CAR ENGINES START)
("YOU TOO CAN BE A DREAMER"
PLAYS DISTORTEDLY)
WOMAN: (MUFFLED) Oh good.
he's waking up. Ronnie.
Took you a while. love.
(DISTORTION CLEARS)
Now. before you start whinging.
know that it's been more than
a decade since I stitched up
a gunshot wound like that.
You're lucky she didn't stitch
your face to her arse.
(CHUCKLES)
Don't mind that codger.
He's just upset he can't
spend the whole day downstairs
in that bloody pub.
Mmm.
I've got tea on the stove for you.
Grab me a biscuit. will you?
Grab it yourself.
you lazy sod.
(HUSHED) Fucking old cow.
Tryna catch flies?
Where am I?
I found you passed out in the yard.
Thought you were legless.
till I saw all that blood.
I wanted to leave you there.
but the missus wouldn't hear of it.
Here you go.
Where's me biscuit?
Milk or sugar?
Nah. What time is it?
Six o'clock. love.
Oh. shit.
(GROANS)
You need to rest.
I need to get to Greenwich
as soon as possible.
Off you totter.
'cause your mug's
all over the telly.
I don't care.
I need to get there.
Where's my gun?
(RONNIE CLEARS THROAT)
No chance.
Ronnie will take you.
Why are you helping me?
There was a time
when we worshipped your father.
You speak for yourself.
Finn was there for our eldest
when he got himself in a pickle.
Now we're repaying that debt.
Do you have a car?
(CHUCKLES)
A car?
We haven't driven in years.
But Ronnie worked down the tunnels.
He knows all the shortcuts.
He can get you where you need to go.
Seeing as I've got
no say in nothing.
I'll just go and get
my coat then. will I?
Thanks.
Just so we're clear.
I don't want you going round
telling people we helped you.
Me and the missus have got
enough problems as it is.
Where are you taking me?
To the gutter.
How long till we get to Greenwich?
The rate you're moving.
about an hour.
I haven't got an hour!
You're welcome
to get the bus if you want.
Hold that. Turn it on.
(KEYS JANGLE)
(RONNIE GRUNTS)
I had that.
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
(IN ENGLISH) Move! Move! Move!
(GLASSES CLINK)
I'm looking for Sean Wallace.
We're not a missing persons bureau.
If you want a drink. great.
otherwise.
you know where the door is.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(SCOFFS)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
I've been standing up to bullies
long before you were even born.
(MAN CLEARS THROAT)
He's with Ronnie.
They went down the tunnels.
Bravo.
(SINISTER MUSIC)
(LIGHTER CLICKS)
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
(DOOR OPENS)
(SIREN WAILS DISTANTLY)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
Ah. here they are.
About fucking time.
We're waiting for one more.
Are you joking?
We're on a tight window.
He'll be here. don't worry.
Look. I'm just saying.
if we're not ready
to take off by seven-
I am in no mood for windy cunts
right now. so fuck off.
What if he doesn't make it?
He'll make it. don't you worry.
The name "Sean Wallace"
still means something.
Somebody'll help him.
What we gotta do now...
is hold our nerve.
stick to the plan.
get Sean out of here. regroup.
and then we'll make them cunts pay.
Sean...
...you. me.
Soon we're gonna be
bossing this fucking city.
RONNIE:
Which bit of Greenwich you after?
By the Old Wharf. there's a pub.
Yeah. I know it.
What is this place?
You never took the tube
to your fancy private school then?
I know what the fucking tube is.
and it isn't this.
These are access tunnels.
Haven't been touched in decades.
You've got something in common then.
(CHUCKLES)
Is it safe down here?
Feels like we might
catch the plague.
Don't stick your cock in anything.
if that's what you're asking.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
So. what's the big plan then?
Get to Ireland.
We've got family and friends there
who are willing to back me.
So you can return here
and settle all your scores.
Something like that.
(GROANS SOFTLY)
How'd you know about these tunnels?
Before I had the boozer.
I worked in sewage.
Not everyone's born a Wallace.
So. how come you knew my father?
I didn't.
But where do you think his cronies
used to hide their shite
back in the day?
In shit.
Bingo.
Bodies. blow. you name it.
So. you didn't worship him then?
Deborah's words. not mine.
She said your son
got himself in a pickle?
Well. that's one way of putting it.
He ran up drug debts
and your father wrote 'em off.
Is he OK now. your son?
He's dead.
Sorry.
Well. I'm glad my father
wrote off his debt.
Yeah.
Only after he put those drugs
on the street in the first place.
Why are you helping me
if that how you feel?
'Cause the missus said so.
You do everything
the missus tells you?
I take it you've never been married.
(FOREBODING MUSIC)
He's coming here. to Greenwich.
so I want all your eyes
on the street.
He might be in a car or on foot.
whatever. I don't care.
I want him found
AND I want him alive. alright?
ALL: Alright. Yes. boss.
Go.
Alright. come. you lot.
Jump in. let's go. Come. Come.
What's wrong with your face?
Yo. if you've got
something to say. say it.
I hear you about finding the guy.
it just feels wrong.
Which part?
Sean had your dad killed.
And my uncle.
Helping that piece of shit
stay alive just feels fucked up.
I say we kill him.
and we just split that bounty.
My family were killed
in a hit and run
by the same guy who killed
the driver that spiked cocaine.
Hey. I'm sorry. but...
Elliot. what does that
have to do with Sean?
(SIGHS)
He said it wasn't an accident.
And you trust him?
(SIGHS)
What's to say he's not tryna
fuck with your mind right now?
Nothing.
But I can't risk
finding out that he isn't.
Please.
(GRUNTS LIGHTLY)
(PANTING)
How much further?
It's not far.
Just... Just give me a second.
You want some advice?
Have I got a choice?
Not really.
Enlighten me.
When you do get to Ireland.
just stay there.
Why?
Your father made it look easy.
with all the charm and patter.
but to do what he did.
you have to be
a right proper cunt. too.
You think I can't be
a right proper cunt?
You don't fucking know me.
It's what my gut's telling me.
(DOOR CLANGS DISTANTLY)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Get up. Shit. Come on.
Someone's coming.
Come on. son.
let's move it.
(GROANS LIGHTLY)
Down here.
Come on!
Let's move it. son.
To the left. There's a door
to the sewage system and out.
That will take you
to where you need to be.
Come on!
Over here.
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER CONTINUES)
(MAN YELLS)
Come on.
(SCREAMS)
Come on. get up! Get up.
Give me the keys. Quick!
(SPEAKING ALBANIAN)
Which one?
The silver one.
They're all fucking silver.
Square.
Oh. fuck!
C'mon.
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
Get in. Quick!
(LOCK CLANGS)
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
Ronnie. Ronnie. come on!
Just go.
(DOOR THUDS)
I'm alright.
Go! Go!
Ronnie. come on! Come on!
Go!
(INDISTINCT SHOUTING)
(GUNSHOTS)
(SOLEMN MUSIC)
(GUNSHOTS CONTINUE)
We have to go now.
or they won't let us take off.
I told you.
the window closes at seven.
You'll fucking wait.
(PANTING RASPINGLY)
(MAN SHOUTS IN ALBANIAN)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC)
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop! Stop!
There he is.
Sean. stop!
You're like a bad fucking penny.
What?!
Hey! What the fuck are you doing?!
Guys. we have to go now.
You want to get on that helicopter.
you tell me what I need to know.
What's his fucking name?!
Tell me!
(WOMAN SCREAMS)
(BREATHES UNEASILY)
That's fucking Sean!
Come on.
(SPEAKS ALBANIAN)
Fuck.
Who the fuck was that?
I don't know.
Elliot?! Hey! Hey!
(PANTING)
(SPEAKS FRENCH)
(SIREN WAILS)
(MONITOR BEEPS STEADILY)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
SEAN: Hey.
Who the fuck are you?
What do you want?
Just tell me how much you want.
Name a figure and I'll pay it.
I don't need your money.
Then what?
I can get you whatever you need.
(SIGHS. THEN SCOFFS)
Look at you now...
...the "great" Sean Wallace.
I. uh...
I thought it would be
difficult getting you here.
Piece of piss.
You're not so special...
...are you?
(PHONE BUZZES)
(TENSE MUSIC)
Five million.
Five million to let me go.
Ten million.
(MUSIC INTENSIFIES)
You can't kill me.
I'm a Wallace.
I'm Sean-fucking-Wallace!
(SHOUTS) I'm a proper fucking cunt!
(BREATHES RAGGEDLY)
(GUNFIRE)
(GENTLE INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC)
(SIGHS)
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky